receive: fail early if ketama hashring is configured with number of nodes lower than the replication factor (#6168)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

### Changed

> - [#6168](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6168) Receiver: make ketama hashring fail early when configured in a bad way.

Reviewer: Nit: I'd specify what exactly is the change here, e.g. something like
```suggestion
- [#6168](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6168) Receiver: Make ketama hashring fail early when configured with number of nodes lower than the replication factor.
```

Author: Thanks! I amended my commit with your suggestion!
